HSEARCH-4616 Rename automatic indexing to something more explicit (#3536)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/public/reference/_backend-lucene.adoc

====
Setting the commit interval to 0 will force Hibernate Search to commit after every batch of changes,
which may result in a much lower throughput,

> for either <<architecture-hsearch-indexing,explicit or listener-triggered indexing>>
> or <<indexing-massindexer,mass indexing>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in particular for <<architecture-hsearch-indexing,explicit or listener-triggered indexing>>
but even more so for <<indexing-massindexer,mass indexing>>.
```
